# Climate-Change-Analyzer
Summarize which country experienced the most drastic climate change and other questions (between a given time period specified) based on the results supported by the data generated by ClimateAnalyzer’s output
Objectives:
1. Read a data file using file I/O operations
2. Store the data in Java collection data structure(s)
3. Perform various searches on the data based on specific search criteria
4. Write the result data to another data file using file I/O operations
Description:
You are a weather scientist working for NOAA (National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration; https://www.noaa.gov). You are given a data file, "world_temp_2000-
2016.csv", that contains data from the Climate Change Knowledge Portal
(https://climateknowledgeportal.worldbank.org) with temperature readings of various months 
and years for all countries. With this data, you will:
1. Write a program that asks a user to enter any required input information.
2. The program will run the climate analyzer tasks and store the results in a data file.
3. Write a short conclusion on which country has been experiencing the most drastic climate 
change. Support your argument with your data analysis results.
The data that will be collected by your program will be based on the following activities: 
For a specific country search (Task A) :
1) Get data which has the lowest and highest temperature reading for a given month.
2) Get data for the month which has the lowest and highest temperature in a given year.
3) Get all data that falls within a specific temperature range
4) Get data for the year with the lowest temperature and for the year with the highest 
temperature reading 
For an inclusive all countries search (all data) (Task B):
1) The top 10 countries with the lowest temperature reading and the top 10 countries with 
the highest temperature reading for a given month between 2000 and 2016.
2) The top 10 countries with the lowest temperature reading and the top 10 countries with 
the highest temperature readings between 2000 and 2016
3) List all of the countries that fall within a specific temperature range
Climate change detection (Task C):
1) The top 10 countries with the largest change in temperature in the same month between 
two different years (given), for example: March 2000 and March 2016. Consider absolute 
values such as -14C to 28C = 42C )
